feat: add new parser `babel-ts` to parse TypeScript syntaxes via Babel (#6400)
prettier/prettier: docs/options.md

- `"babel"` (via [@babel/parser](https://github.com/babel/babel/tree/master/packages/babel-parser)) _Named `"babylon"` until v1.16.0_
- `"babel-flow"` (Same as `"babel"` but enables Flow parsing explicitly to avoid ambiguity) _First available in v1.16.0_

> - `"babel-ts"` (Like as `"babel"` but enables TypeScript parsing which diffs from Flow) _First available in v1.19.0_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `"babel-ts"` (Similar to `"babel"` but uses Babel’s TypeScript plugin to parse type annotations instead of usig Flow) _First available in v1.19.0_
```

Perhaps? Maybe something similar but better worded?

Author: Thanks, I am not a native English speaker. 😂

> - `"babel-ts"` (Similar to `"babel"` but uses Babel’s TypeScript plugin to parse type annotations instead of usig Flow) _First available in v1.19.0_

Reviewer 2: Typo "usig"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `"babel-ts"` (Similar to `"babel"` but uses Babel’s TypeScript plugin to parse type annotations instead of using Flow) _First available in v1.19.0_
```

If you want to make sure that your git repository only contains Linux-style line endings in files covered by Prettier:

1. Set `endOfLine` option to `lf`
2. Configure [a pre-commit hook](precommit.md) that will run Prettier
3. Configure Prettier to run in your CI pipeline using [`--check` flag](cli.md#check)

> 4. Ask Windows users to run `git config core.autocrlf false` before working on your repo so that git did not convert `LF` to `CRLF` on checkout.

Reviewer: Can you change this back?

Author: > Can you change this back?

I didn't change it manually, maybe some other tools doing this, I'll revert it, thanx.
